Chore: blog post for ctf (#30727)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2024-11-30-hack-the-base.mdx

---
title: 'Hack the Base! with Supabase'
description: 'Play cool games, win cool prizes.'
author: stephen_morgan
launchweek: '13'
categories:
  - launch-week
tags:
  - launch-week
  - security
date: '2024-12-06'
---

We are announcing our first-ever Capture the Flag challenge, [**Hack the Base**](https://ctf.supabase.com). Whether you're a seasoned hacker or just starting out, this challenge is for you.

## What is a Capture the Flag?

A Capture the Flag (CTF) is a cybersecurity competition where participants solve a series of challenges to earn points. In this case, you'll be tasked with finding flags in our education partners news site, picking apart how it works and the secrets it may be hiding.

## What's in it for you?

> - **Prizes:** We're offering exciting prizes for the top performers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Prizes:** We're offering [prizes](https://supabase.store) for the top performers.
```

---
title: 'Hack the Base! with Supabase'
description: 'Play cool games, win cool prizes.'
author: stephen_morgan
launchweek: '13'
categories:
  - launch-week
tags:
  - launch-week
  - security
date: '2024-12-02'
---

> ## Are you ready to test your hacking skills?

Reviewer: I'd remove this - we shouldn't start the blog post with a title, just directly go into the intro

(or you can add an intro above this)

> Supabase is excited to announce our first-ever Capture the Flag (CTF) challenge, [**Hack the Base**](https://ctf.supabase.com). Whether you're a seasoned hacker or just starting out, this challenge is for you.

Reviewer: Don't talk about Supabase in the 3rd person - you can say "We are "...

Also, I'd keep emotion out of it. Don't say things like "excited". Just say: "we're announcing our first Capture the Flag .."

Reviewer: one more thing - move the abreviation to the next paragraph - Capture the Flag (CTF)

Your first paragraph should be clear and succinct

## What is a CTF?

A CTF is a cybersecurity competition where participants solve a series of challenges to earn points. In this case, you'll be tasked with finding flags in our education partners news site, picking apart how it works and the secrets it may be hiding.

## What's in it for you?

> - **Prizes:** We're offering exciting prizes for the top performers.

Reviewer: do you know the prizes? this won't really excite anyone

- **Recognition:** Showcase your skills to the community and see yourself on the leaderboard.
- **Learning Opportunity:** Learn about common security vulnerabilities and how to find them.

## Challenges

We've designed challenges for both beginner and advanced hackers.
Get on the board with the easy challenges, and then move on to the more difficult ones.  

> There will be no hints to start with, but we'll be releasing hints via social media throughout the week to help you along the way.

Reviewer: don't add linebreaks in these markdown blog posts
